No matter how awesome your post is if you do not get people to your page,
no one will know.
Therefore, you need to hook your reader at first glance.
With Medium, the first thing your reader will see is your article title and an image.
The image you choose is very important.
Study after study shows that to increase engagement,
you must have a compelling image to first grab your reader.
You should think of your intro to your audience as
a captivating image first and a supporting title second.
For my post, I considered using a number of different images and corresponding titles.
Then, I sent them out to some colleagues and friends to vote on the most captivating.
Though this isn't totally scientific,
it is better than just my one opinion when I can leverage a larger audience.
Again, think of a captivating image related to your post,
and then find a title to match.